All right, my friends, many videos ago I told you that we were going to spend a lot of time learning
the basic syntax of TypeScript.
We've now gone through all that basic stuff, and we've got a reasonable understanding of some of the
low levels of TypeScript.
But I think it's very fair to say that we still don't really understand how to build an application
with it.
So starting this video, we're going to work on our first application and throughout the rest of this
course, all we're going to focus on is design patterns.
We're going to learn how to use TypeScript effectively inside of an application and how to leverage
its features to write really reusable code.
So let's talk about what we're going to build for our first application.
All right.
So here it is, Mockup.
So we're going to make a very basic little Web application.
So this is going to be something that's going to run inside of your browser.
Our application is going to randomly generate two different entities.
It's going to randomly generate a user and randomly generate a company.
Now, when I say randomly generate, all I mean is that we're going to have a user with a randomly generated
name and last name and age and stuff like that.
And our company will have a random name and a random business and some stuff like that as well.
Every user in every company is going to have a location property tied to it as well.
So this is going to be like a longitude and latitude.
After we generate the user and the company, we're going to use that location to show them as markers
on a Google map inside the browser.
So this marker right here, I know it's kind of hard to see what these colors might represent the user
and this over here might represent the company.
So the entire goal of this application is to get you more familiar with classes and how to understand
how to make use of interfaces really effectively to get some amount of code reuse on the applications
you work on.
That's the whole goal.
And like I said, that's pretty much the whole goal of the entire course understanding classes and interfaces.
All right.
So now that we understand what's going on here, we're going to do just a tiny bit of setup inside this
video in order to actually get some typescript code running inside the browser.
Very easily, we're going to use a tool called parcel bundler.
This is a command line tool that we're going to use in place of node.
Parcel bundler is all about getting some TypeScript executed inside the browser very easily, so it's
going to automate a lot of tooling for us.
We will eventually learn how to set up a TypeScript project manually, but for right now, we're going
to start off nice and easy using parcel.
So to set up parcel, all we have to do is run this command at our terminal.
So I'm going to flip over to my terminal right now and I'll do an NPM install dash G parcel dash bundler
like so.
This is going to take a minute or two to install, so I'm going to let it do its thing and I'll join
back up with you in just a minute.